## Why InterviewDose ?
Knowledge is one of the most valuable commodities we possess. It is through shared knowledge that we advance, grow, and inspire others to reach new heights. This belief in the power of knowledge sharing and its potential to inspire and educate others was the driving force behind my decision to create an interview platform aimed at encouraging people to contribute and share their questions.

I began with the YouTube journey to create some contents for the site to start with. Given my background as a software engineer, crafting content in this domain came naturally to me. after successfully completing another significant personal project, I finally began working on this website as a leisure-time project. This platform now serves as a means for people like me, who wish to share their questions, tips and techniques to benefit them and their community for interview preparation.

The issue with YouTube is that, despite being a vast source of knowledge, it often inundates learners with a lot of noise. This is why learners can easily deviate from their intended goals. Moreover, if you're seeking premium content, it can sometimes be prohibitively expensive. Therefore, I created a open-ended, freemium platform that effectively filters out the noise, aiming to assist job seekers and career-oriented professionals. And here it is, right in front of you. I will be adding many features in coming days, encourage people by sharing this site so that more and more content can be added by others and freely available to all of us.

## Who is it for ?
You might have noticed a few questions on the front page, primarily focused on computer science and catering to coding aspirants. As a software engineer, creating content in this domain was more straightforward for me. However, if you'd like to contribute questions for a different category, This platform allowes writers, creators to publish their work directly like linkedIn or Medium. Watch the [Howto Video](https://youtu.be/9m_Q54aply0) to publish your content or *You can also reach out to me via email at interviewdose@gmail.com*, I would greatly appreciate your input. Alternatively, you can also share questions in the discord server.

I've had discussions with numerous colleagues about the idea of sharing their content on platforms like YouTube to benefit others, but one of the challenges is that for those who only want to share a few videos, there aren't many suitable options available at the moment. If you find yourself in this situation, rest assured that this platform is here to support you in promoting your efforts, ensuring that your valuable contributions do not go to waste.

Whether you're preparing for a job in a service-based industry or aiming for top-tier tech companies or want to help your students this platform can help. If you're looking for a quick ramp-up and revision before your interview I recommend exploring these questions in the list shared on this site to thoroughly prepare yourself.

I have a passion for writing and building new projects from scratch, I use my leisure writing about my projects, share my experiences using new technologies or create content for YouTube too. You will see me adding more and more articles going forward. If you're eager to learn more, please consider <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/InterviewDose" target="_blank">subscribing</a> the InterviewDose channel. Additionally, you can explore some of my articles and learn some of the techniques that I use to build these projects visiting my <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandeepsahoo/recent-activity/articles/" target="_blank">LinkedIn Articles</a>. Cheers and Happy Learning !

## Who am I ?
I am Sandeep an aspiring leader, a passionate coder who loves to innovate. From my childhood I loved creating new things. I realised writing code you can create new things and that's an amazing power of software engineering !! That's why I had no choice but be a software engineer :)  It is a passion that I cherish every day in my life creating something new. I feel like I am addicted to it and unable to comeout of this trap :). Before creating interviewdose I have built many useful product, published and wrote about them in various forums. First 7 years of my career I worked in Mobile domain and use to build mobile applications using C++ even before android became popular while at Nokia. My passion for building end to end products pushed me to learn the server side aspects of a product so I moved from Mobile application development and started working in Unix C++ and then in Java, aws, now AI and the list goes on and on :). Currently working in Cisco/US. You can read about some of my products and how did I built them in <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandeepsahoo/recent-activity/articles/" target="_blank">LinkedIn too.</a> . 

After working in India for almost 15 years I came to USA in 2018, foundself tangled in the interview cycle with tech companies here, found that the interview process and bar is different,  interviewdose.com is a result of my self experiencing saga. So I wanted to document my journey and be a desciplined writer and give people opportunity too if they want. I always try to find opportunity to innovate hence I could not stop myself from creating a lean framework for publsihing my work. The same framework I also published as [wwww.publichome.page](wwww.publichome.page) where people can create their own homepage, websites, webapps with all the features that this website supports for free. If you want to talk to me or polish your idea or have an unfinsihed  product and want to add feathers to it, [feel free to contact me](https://publichome.page/contacts) and I would love to be part of your journey.


